# How to visualise your data IN AR/VR using Mathematica and a smartphone

General instructions: 
- download the package and unizip it in a directory.
- locate the "ARVRDeploy.wl" file and load the package in the Wolfram Notebook using the command: <<"path-to-ARVRDeploy.wl"
- to initialize VR and AR deploy type the following commands: VRInitialize[]; ARInitialize[];


# ARDeploy
With ARDeploy function in Mathematica you will be able to visualise your 3D object or graph in an Augmented Reality environment on your desktop (or laptop) screen, as it is attached to it, or everywhere you put the marker. You just need a smartphone to catch the QR code automatically generated by ARDeploy function, based on your object.

To show the QR code to visualise a Graphic3D objects follows:

BarcodeImage[First[ARDeploy[your_graphics_3d_object, "Scale" -> 0.1 ]], "QR"]


# VRDeploy
VRDeploy gave you the possibility to create a web-page in which the desired 3D object is in a VR enviroment freely explorable using a VR headset and a smartphone, or navigable in a desktop (laptop).

# ARVRDeploy 

Required files and package for the Wolfram Mathematica functions ARDeploy, VRDeploy.

In the ARDeploy folder is included the marker used in AR.js applications

Tested on iOS and Android devices, Mac and PC. 
Work in Safari, and Firefox.



# ARVRDeploy Classic branch [OBJ/mtl]
Mathematica 3D object are exported in OBJ format, together the .mtl file, then loaded by Three.js loader.


# ARVRDeploy master [wrl]
Mathematica 3D object are exported in wrl format, this preserve color properties in Graphics3D without requiring any DiscretizeGraphics action, further, for 3D terrain the ListPlot3D can be used directly.
 
